= Agency

* agency.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION:

When the great minds at Stanford and MIT share their ideas with lesser folk like myself in their open source courseware, they teach me about ideas in machine learning.  These are, as far as I know, theoretically sound and even axiomatic in many cases.  They teach us how a single process can work.  

But I've had more ambitious ideas.  I wanted a framework where I could really get into a problem and work on it in a way that makes sense to me.  One approach to this could be to get a license of MatLab or Octave, they do a good job.  But since I can bring that work here, I still wanted to see what I could write.  After a lot of false starts, I think I may have something.  And, it has the added benefit of having a theme: dependable, understandable, and flexible.  


Agency is a decoupled framework for running machine learning agents.  Basically, start with this framework, define your learning function, and define a specification that ties your function to your environment.  The synopsis below has some running examples.  blog.teguhub.com is the place for full-fledged tutorials on the subject.  Tegu is the project Agency was taken out of, it was the old WorkloadManager for Tegu.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install agency

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 David Richards

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
